Spacieux et lumineux 5½ avec cachet, près de Masson | Long Term Rentals | City of Montréal | Free local classifieds - Kijiji Skip to main content Search Canada Search FR Register or Sign In Post Home Real Estate For Rent Long Term Rentals for City of Montréal Ad ID 1734554390 1 / 8 + 5 Spacieux et lumineux 5½ avec cachet, près de Masson $2,010 Montreal, QC H1Y 2E1 Save Share 2 Bedrooms 1 Bathrooms 1,000 sqft Apartment 1 Parking Included Limited Pets Rental agreement 1 Year lease Available May 1, 2026 Furnished No Appliances Laundry (In Unit) Includes Balcony Building amenities Storage Space Description Beau 5½ avec cachet au 2ième de duplex. Belle luminosité, plafonds hauts, planchers bois. Tranquille.

Deux grandes chambres fermées salon double et salle-a-diner, cuisine ( planchers refaits en céramique) et salon, en plus d'un très grand locker.

Un espace de stationnement disponible. 

À qqs pas de la rue Masson et ses restaurants et commerces .

Entrées laveuse/sécheuse.

Emménagement flexible à partir d'avril, ou pour le 01er juillet. About Old Rosemont Explore the area Old Rosemont is a "jack-of-all-trades" when it comes to the ambience of this part of Montréal. There are many things to do in this neighbourhood for those looking for a dynamic vibe. Even though there is a limited selection of entertainment venues, there are masses of people around most of the time, and finding one of the a few bars is very easy as they are generally located very close by. Old Rosemont is fairly good for those who like a quiet atmosphere, as the streets are quite tranquil. Greenery is quite present in this neighbourhood as many tree-lined streets are prominent. Green spaces, such as Parc du Pélican, are especially well-spread out and there are a few of them nearby for residents to unwind in, making them very easy to get to. This information is provided by a third party data source. Kijiji is not responsible for the accuracy of this information. Getting around Walk score 10 All day-to-day needs are within a few minutes' walk Transit score 9 Near rapid transit and frequent bus lines Bike score 8 Highly suitable for bicycle commuting and/or recreational cycling This information is provided by a third party data source. Kijiji is not responsible for the accuracy of this information. Listed By K Kijiji User Professional View all listings (7) K Kijiji User Montreal, QC H1Y 2E1 Request a viewing NEW Request a viewing NEW Send message To deter and identify potential fraud, spam or suspicious behaviour, we reserve the right to monitor conversations. By sending the message you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . 297 views Report Listing $2,010 Spacieux et lumineux 5½ avec cachet, près de Masson Save Share ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Take steps to make your Kijiji transactions as secure as possible by following our suggested safety tips. Read our Safety Tips Message Request viewing