Mois Gratuit-Free Month 4-1/2 Crémazie Ouest / Parc Extension | Long Term Rentals | City of Montréal | Free local classifieds - Kijiji Skip to main content Search Canada Search FR Register or Sign In Post Home Real Estate For Rent Long Term Rentals for City of Montréal Ad ID 1734098418 1 / 3 Mois Gratuit-Free Month 4-1/2 Crémazie Ouest / Parc Extension $1,500 1060 Crémazie Ouest, Montreal, QC, H3N 1A4 Save Share 2 Bedrooms 1 Bathrooms Not Available Apartment 0 Parking Included No Pets Rental agreement 1 Year lease Utilities Water Included Furnished No Appliances Laundry (In Building) Includes Balcony Description Super Appartements au Crémazie Ouest, Nouvellement Rénovés 4-1/2 à louer 1500.00$ Un mois gratuit Inclue Frigo, Cuisinière et Eau Chaud Stationnement disponible (extra) À distance de marche du centre commercial Rockland et à proximité du marché central de L'Acadie. Pour en savoir plus veuillez appeler au 514-730-0195 Laissez-moi un SMS si le téléphone est occupé. Merci Super Apartments at Cremazie West, Newly Renovated 4-1/2 for rent $1500.00 One free month Includes Fridge, Stove, and Hot Water Parking available (extra) Walking distance to Rockland Shopping Center and near L'Acadie Central Market. For more information, pls call 514-730-0195 Leave me a text message if the phone is busy. Thank you About Parc-Extension Explore the area Those who enjoy a vibrant atmosphere and spending time in green spaces will feel at home in Parc-Extension. Overall, it is easy to find dynamic places in this part of the city. Although the nightlife is limited, there are few nearby entertainment venues, and there are often a very large number of people around. The greenery in this neighbourhood is not particularly prominent; more specifically, residents will find that few tree-lined streets are present. However, it is very easy to access green spaces from the majority of locations within the neighbourhood since there are around 10 of them close by for residents to visit. This information is provided by a third party data source. Kijiji is not responsible for the accuracy of this information. Getting around Walk score 10 All day-to-day needs are within a few minutes' walk Transit score 8 Near rapid transit and frequent bus lines Bike score 5 Somewhat suitable for bicycle commuting and/or recreational cycling This information is provided by a third party data source. Kijiji is not responsible for the accuracy of this information. Listed By 1 1060 Crémazie Ouest Professional Reveal phone number View all listings (3) 1 1060 Crémazie Ouest 1060 Crémazie Ouest, Montreal, QC, H3N 1A4 Request a viewing NEW +1-XXX-XXX-XXXX Reveal Request a viewing NEW Message Hi, I’m interested. Please contact me. Name Email Send message To deter and identify potential fraud, spam or suspicious behaviour, we reserve the right to monitor conversations. By sending the message you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Listing $1,500 Mois Gratuit-Free Month 4-1/2 Crémazie Ouest / Parc Extension Save Share ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Take steps to make your Kijiji transactions as secure as possible by following our suggested safety tips. Read our Safety Tips Message Request viewing