Grand 3 1/2, air ouverte Hydro et électro inclus 1475$ | Long Term Rentals | City of Montréal | Free local classifieds - Kijiji Skip to main content Search City of Montréal Search FR Register or Sign In Post Home Real Estate For Rent Long Term Rentals for City of Montréal Ad ID 1735103437 1 / 7 + 4 Grand 3 1/2, air ouverte Hydro et électro inclus 1475$ $1,475 FEATURED Lachine, QC H8S 3C6 Save Share 1 Bedrooms 1 Bathrooms 675 sqft Duplex/Triplex 1 Parking Included Limited Pets Rental agreement 1 Year lease Available July 1, 2026 Utilities Heat Included Hydro Included Water Included Furnished Yes Includes Yard Air Conditioning Smoking Outdoors only Description Grand 3 1/2, air ouverte. Approximativement 675 pied carré. Cuisine et salle de bain au gout du jour. Plancher chauffant dans la salle à diner et la salle de bain. Grande garde-robe à l’entrée et dans la chambre a couche. Cour arrière de 25' X 30 avec latte sur la clôture pour votre intimité des voisins. Inclus dans le prix Poêle, frigidaire, lave-vaisselle en S.S., laveuse, sécheuse frontale et micro-onde hotte. Une place de stationnement ou deux si petite auto. Hydro inclus dans le loyer thermostats prog + air climatisé mural. Ideal pour personne seul ou couple. Tous les services à pied: A proximité autobus express. Métro Lionel-Groux en 15 min. En auto-15 min du centre-ville. 
Disponible 1 juillet.  Références exigées plus enquête de crédit.
Bright 3 ½ in Lachine – private terrace and Hydro - $1475
Open concept, bright, renovated Air conditioned 3 ½ with closed bedroom. Lower duplex 736A. Heated floors in kitchen, dining room and bathroom. Hydro and all appliances included (stainless steel fridge, stove, microwave, dishwasher, and new front-loading washer/dryer). Large closets and 1 parking space. A definite must-see! Great location for transit: steps to express bus and 15 mins to Lionel-Groulx metro. 10 mins to downtown by car.
Available July 1; references and credit verification will be required. About Lasalle Park Explore the area People who prefer a slower-paced ambience will enjoy Lasalle Park. This part of Montréal is very quiet overall, as there isn't a lot of street noise or city clamour around one of the railway lines or Autoroute du Souvenir. Finally, greenery is not particularly prominent in this area; to be more specific, residents will find that the tree canopy coverage for a large number of streets is sub-par. Nonetheless, green spaces, such as Parc Lasalle, are very well-spread out and there are about 10 of them nearby for residents to enjoy, which results in them being easy to get to from most locations within this neighbourhood. This information is provided by a third party data source. Kijiji is not responsible for the accuracy of this information. Getting around Walk score 6 Most day-to-day needs are within walking distance Transit score 7 Walking distance to rapid transit and frequent bus lines Bike score 6 Suitable for bicycle commuting and/or recreational cycling This information is provided by a third party data source. Kijiji is not responsible for the accuracy of this information. Listed By G Gustavo Professional View all listings (1) G Gustavo Lachine, QC H8S 3C6 Request a viewing NEW Request a viewing NEW Send message To deter and identify potential fraud, spam or suspicious behaviour, we reserve the right to monitor conversations. By sending the message you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . 35 views Report Listing $1,475 Grand 3 1/2, air ouverte Hydro et électro inclus 1475$ Save Share ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Take steps to make your Kijiji transactions as secure as possible by following our suggested safety tips. Read our Safety Tips Message Request viewing