Métro Sauvé sur Fleury Ouest, Grand 3 1/2 | Long Term Rentals | City of Montréal | Free local classifieds - Kijiji Skip to main content Search City of Montréal Search FR Register or Sign In Post Home Real Estate For Rent Long Term Rentals for City of Montréal Ad ID 1732417198 1 / 5 + 2 Métro Sauvé sur Fleury Ouest, Grand 3 1/2 $1,650 FEATURED 82A Rue Fleury O, Montréal, H3L 1T2 Save Share 1 Bedrooms 1 Bathrooms 850 sqft Apartment 0 Parking Included Limited Pets Rental agreement Month-to-month lease Available May 1, 2026 Utilities Heat Included Hydro Included Water Included Furnished Yes Appliances Laundry (In Unit) Dishwasher Fridge / Freezer Includes Balcony Air Conditioning Wi-fi & more Internet Description Sur Fleury Ouest et ses commerces de proximité.. Grande terrasse arrière privée. 5 électros inclus + air clim.. Salle de bain avec grande douche complètement rénovée. Considéré comme un 4 1/2 avec 1 chambre. Lit escamotable pour amis grandeur Queen. Puit de lumière. Tout les meubles sont fournis si nécessaire. Base de lit Queen. À 12 minutes du métro Sauvé à pied. Très tranquille. Idéal pour nouveau arrivant à Mtl. À voir! Libre le 1er mai ou quelques jours avant. About Ahuntsic Explore the area Ahuntsic offers a slower-paced ambience and will appeal to those who enjoy spending time in green spaces. The noise levels in this area are low, as the streets are generally quite calm. Finally, there is a fair amount of greenery in this neighbourhood as there are numerous tree-lined streets. Reaching public green spaces, like Parc Ahuntsic, is very easy from a lot of locations in the neighbourhood since there are around 10 of them close by for residents to unwind in. This information is provided by a third party data source. Kijiji is not responsible for the accuracy of this information. Getting around Walk score 8 Most day-to-day needs are within walking distance Transit score 10 Near a wide variety of rapid transit and/or frequent bus lines Bike score 8 Suitable for bicycle commuting and/or recreational cycling This information is provided by a third party data source. Kijiji is not responsible for the accuracy of this information. Listed By J Jean Gauthier Owner Reveal phone number View all listings (1) Offers: Video walkthrough J Jean Gauthier 82A Rue Fleury O, Montréal, H3L 1T2 Request a viewing NEW +1-XXX-XXX-XXXX Reveal Request a viewing NEW Send message To deter and identify potential fraud, spam or suspicious behaviour, we reserve the right to monitor conversations. By sending the message you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . 1257 views Report Listing $1,650 Métro Sauvé sur Fleury Ouest, Grand 3 1/2 Save Share ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Take steps to make your Kijiji transactions as secure as possible by following our suggested safety tips. Read our Safety Tips Message Request viewing