Apartment for rent, 4 1/2, Heated, Montreal Nord. | Long Term Rentals | City of Montréal | Free local classifieds - Kijiji Skip to main content Search Canada Search FR Register or Sign In Post Home Real Estate For Rent Long Term Rentals for City of Montréal Ad ID 1729625717 1 / 5 + 2 Apartment for rent, 4 1/2, Heated, Montreal Nord. $1,395 Montreal, Montréal-Nord, QC H1G 1P2, Canada Save Share 2 Bedrooms 1 Bathrooms 80 sqft Apartment 0 Parking Included No Pets Rental agreement 1 Year lease Available April 1, 2026 Utilities Heat Included Water Included Furnished No Includes Balcony Description Apartment for rent, 4 1/2, Heated, Montreal Nord. Close to all amenities. No smoking, No pets. Credit check required. About Bourassa Explore the area Home buyers who prefer a slower-paced ambience will enjoy Bourassa. This neighbourhood features a good amount of greenery; it is easy to get to public green spaces in the neighbourhood since there are approximately 10 of them nearby for residents to discover. Moreover, residents will find that numerous tree-lined streets are present. Most areas in this neighbourhood are very quiet, as there isn't a lot of street noise or city clamour. This information is provided by a third party data source. Kijiji is not responsible for the accuracy of this information. Getting around Walk score 6 Some day-to-day needs are within walking distance Transit score 5 Transit is available for most trips Bike score 7 Suitable for bicycle commuting and/or recreational cycling This information is provided by a third party data source. Kijiji is not responsible for the accuracy of this information. Listed By J Jingcheng Owner Reveal phone number View all listings (1) J Jingcheng Montreal, Montréal-Nord, QC H1G 1P2, Canada Request a viewing NEW +1-XXX-XXX-XXXX Reveal Request a viewing NEW Send message To deter and identify potential fraud, spam or suspicious behaviour, we reserve the right to monitor conversations. By sending the message you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . 2645 views Report Listing $1,395 Apartment for rent, 4 1/2, Heated, Montreal Nord. Save Share ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Take steps to make your Kijiji transactions as secure as possible by following our suggested safety tips. Read our Safety Tips Message Request viewing